Add support for ECS Fargate (#3172)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

# New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes

## dev

- **Feature: Add ECS Docker ID for Fargate**

>   Previously, the ruby agent did not record the docker id when in an AWS ECS Fargate situation. The docker id will now be recorded correctly. [PR#3172](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3172)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, the Ruby agent did not record the Docker ID when running in an AWS ECS Fargate environment. The Docker ID will now be recorded correctly. [PR#3172](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3172)
```
